Assignment Template &
Feedback Form

Course Title
BTEC HND in Business Management
Student Name

Unit
Working With and Leading People
Reg. No           

Unit Number
21559B
e-mail             

Batch No
QS/11/27
Edexcel No     

Assessor

Learner Declaration    
I confirm that the work submitted for this assignment is my own.
Assignment Title
Institute of Science
Semester     
04
Learning Outcomes
1,2,3 & 4
Signature & Date

Issued

Received By 	

Submission 

Date             

Review dates



Progress of the student


Signature (assessor)




Feedback from the Assessor:




















Grade 

Signature of Assessor


Date

Name of Internal Verifier (IV)


Signature of IV




Scenario - 01
The Indian Institute of Science (IISC) has requirement of Assistant Professor for next coming Year. The details can be got on site HYPERLINK "https://sites.google.com/site/newfacultyiisc/recruitment"https://sites.google.com/site/newfacultyiisc/recruitment. You are part of the Recruitment team so recommend the Recruitment Procedure to be followed to guide the other members of the Team and for documentation purpose. You need to select two Resumes from the any job portals or website and analyze which of these is suitable candidate for the job with logical reasons. This example will illustrate the Recruitment procedure details which cannot be all written down.

Task. 1 - (P1.1)
Prepare the Recruitment Procedures for the above case and document it, show the actual selection
pathway followed 

Task .2 - (P1.2)
Assess the impact of legal, regulatory and ethical considerations to the recruitment and selection
process for above case 

Task .3 - (P1.3)
Identify the various roles involved in the selection process demonstrate such roles through a group role
play   

Guidelines: You can be part of the Interviewing team, recruitment team, the person being interviewed
but you need to provide evidence being part of the selection process by video clips, audio, telephonic
conversation, under observation or any other method

Task 4 - (P.1.4)

Identify and evaluate your own contribution to selection process  in the above Role play 
.

Scenario 2: (Hypothetical case)

Nelson is the Director of a medium-sized Educational Institution offering vocational Education. He has Program Manager under him Thompson. Thompson has been with the company for over 6 years and his first job was working in a hotel Industry as Restaurant Assistant Manager. He has done his diploma in Hospitality in London. Thompson directly manages a team of around 5 Lecturers and 5 Instructors who between them are responsible for delivering the classroom lectures for various courses. Nelson’s leadership style is usually to take most operational decisions. However, if, for example, some minor changes need to be done, Nelson may allow Thompson to respond. Thompson on his own does not like taking decisions and likes to listen to the boss and if not take ideas from the subordinates.

The Institute is a prime Institute under the Government of Abu Dubai UAE and started for making the local people employable in the UAE by providing them with the skills and knowledge to take up jobs in the local companies, who have been instructed by the government to employ at least 10% of the employees as locals.

 There are some leadership approaches that sit between autocratic and democratic. These styles allow team participation up to a point. However, the manager reserves the right to make the final decision.

 Managers adopting an ‘I sell’ philosophy will try to persuade their teams to accept their viewpoint.

 Managers adopting an ‘I consult’ approach will seek the opinions of subordinates before taking a decision. This is moving closer to a democratic style of management.

The best managers adopt leadership styles appropriate to the situation.

Task . 5
Explain the skills and attributes needed for leadership (P.2.1)
Task . 6
Explain the difference between leadership and management (P.2.2)
Task . 7
Identify and compare the leadership styles of Nelson and Thompson (P.2.3)
Task . 8
2.4 Explain how to motivate the 10 People under Thompson be motivated (P.2.4)


Task . 9
Explain the benefits of team working for an organization like the above Institute P3.1
Task . 10
You have been selected as Team Leader to make presentation and get business from local companies like Qatar Airways, Qatar Petroleum and Doha Municipality,  Barwa Bank etc.


Task . 11
Review the effectiveness of the team in achieving the above goals P3.3

Scenario 3
You are the HR Manager of the Institute Project and need to make report to the board members regarding the progress of the members of the vocational Institute.

Task . 12
Explain the factors involved in planning the monitoring and assessment of work performance for the above members P4.1
Task . 13
Make a plan to assess the development needs of individuals and how to implement it P4.2
Task . 14
How will you evaluate the success of the assessment process with respect to the goals P4.3

4.4 How would you guide Nelson and Thompson to improve on their shortfalls if any D3.


Grading Criteria 
Learning OutcomeAssessment CriteriaTask NoEvidence/ Reference
(to be filled by the student)Achieved (Yes/ No)Assessor’s CommentsPASS CRITERIA
P1.Be able to use recruitment, selection and retention proceduresP1.1.  prepare documentation to select and recruit a new member of staffTask 01.P1.2. assess the impact of legal, regulatory and ethical considerations to the recruitment and selection processTask 02.P1.3. take part in the selection processTask 03P1.4.  evaluate own contribution to the selection processTask 04P2. Understand the styles and impact of leadershipP2.1. explain the skills and attributes needed for 
leadershipTask 05P2.2. explain the difference between leadership and
management.Task 06P2.3.  compare leadership styles for different situationsTask 07P2.4.  explain ways to motivate staff to achieve objectivesTask 08P3.Be able to work effectively in a team P3.1. assess the benefits of teamwork for an 
organisation Task 09P3.2. demonstrate working in a team as a leader and member towards specific goals, dealing with any conflict or difficult situations Task 10P3.3. review the effectiveness of the team in achieving the GoalsTask 11P.4.  Be able to assess the work and development needs of individualsP.4.1.  explain the factors involved in planning the 
monitoring and assessment of work performanceTask 12P.4.2.  plan and deliver the assessment of the development needs of individualsTask 13P.4.3.  evaluate the success of the assessment processTask 14


CriteriaIndicative characteristics/  Possible EvidenceTask NoEvidence/ Reference
(to be filled by the student)Achieved (Yes/ No)Assessor’s CommentsMERIT CRITERIA
M1Identify and apply strategies to find appropriate solutionsM1.1 Effective judgments have been made, M1.3 An effective approach to study and research has been applied; Explain in detail the best strategy  to find suitable candidate for the above position of Associate Professor or  Explain in detail the best strategy  to motivate the 10 People working under ThompsonTask 1
Task 8M2Select / design and apply appropriate methods / techniquesM2.1 Relevant theories and technique have been applied. Design the motivational strategies based on relevant motivational theories .Task 8M3Present and communicate appropriate findingsM3.1 The appropriate structure and approach has been used: Justify the strategy  recommended by you and present it to the top management  using suitable method Task  1



DISTINCTION CRITERIA
D1Use critical reflection to evaluate own work and justify valid conclusionsD1.1 The conclusion have been arrived at through synthesis of ideas and have been justified: Assess your plan on how to accomplish this task.Task 10
D2Take responsibility for managing and organizing activities Take responsibility for managing and organizing activities
D2.3 Autonomy / independence has been demonstrated: in commenting construction concepts and financial structure.AllD3

Demonstrate convergent / lateral / creative thinkingD3.1 Ideas have been generated and decisions taken in assessing work performance of employeesTask 12
D3.4 Problem have been solved in drawing the conclusion on executing the development programme of the employees Task  Deliverable: Hard copy of word processed Report.


NOTE:

You should include the COVER PAGE and the LAST 3 PAGES of the Grading Criteria of this assignment when you submit your final report.

If submitted after the extended deadline, the assignment will not be accepted whereas you shall be asked to go for a NEW assignment.

Instructions to students:

All assignment should comprise of the standard Front Cover given. No other front page will be accepted.

All assignment should be bound with BLACK hard board cover as the last sheet.

Clearly label the CD’S with your Name, Batch No. and Student NO and attach it to the back cover of your assignment.

 Report Writing Guidelines: 

Every Assignment should have an Introduction and Conclusion.
The standard Table of Contents should be generated.
All the Figures, Tables, Diagram etc. should be numbered.
Main Heading Font : Times New Roman; Size 14
Sub heading : Font : Times New Roman; Size 12
Body text : Font : Times New Roman; Size 12
Paragraph : 1.5 spacing
Margins: Top: 1”	Bottom: 1”	Left: 1”	Right: 1”
Header – include the module name on the right hand side
Footer – include the page number on the right hand side
All sections should have continuity and pages should be clearly ladled.
References – clear references for all the materials, books, articles, website etc should be given in accordance with Harvard Reference style.








WORKING WITH AND LEADING PEOPLE



		WORKING WITH AND LEADING PEOPLE

PAGE  


PAGE  7



Key strengths of the report






Areas to improve






General comments










 PAGE 3



